Hello madhu。
Yeah。Thanks for joining。
Someone from the app team all like。
OKI joined，
so I joined my shift around an hour
before。
So any update from the application site
on this issue？Mother，if you are aware。
No，no，no，
I'm not sure I'm engaging into this call。
From triple-A team，right？
No，no，I'm from RTOCI can't。
OK。
Yeah，I understand，share it。
There's in my link to triple-A team
someone will charge from triple。
Sorry，what do I miss you up，you，
you're saying something to me。
I should get seen。
Wait link to triple-A team and triple-A
team replied。
They need to to。
Recover this call for after some time and
still it seems they are investigating an
offline。
OK，so like，
we just need to know like they are seeing
something because we are receiving alerts
on timely basis，
so if they are working on it then it's
fine。
Yeah，which was from to play team，
he replied，and he commented，
Like。
something in insulin nose，
like some dashboard setup is a way of
screenshot scaling，some logging，
giving different time error。
Not working on that？
Mm hmm。
OK，that's fine，
so I don't think like so any like
reconvene time，
this call need to be rescheduled or
something like it，
or when we're going to join。
I will be going to call after discussing
with the triple-A team。
I will if you I will provide update on
YML。
OK madhu bad enough then I'm。
I'm just hoping to another call。
I do have a，you know，a concurrent meeting。
OK so if if anything came up just in
好，嗯。
continuation of this call，
you can pick me up。I will join this else。
You can notify us on the e-mail。
We will join accordingly。
Yeah sure thank you。
OK my do。
Hello。
I can see which was asking to shuttle
this reconvene。
Yeah。
Meanwhile，
I need some information so we will be
able to start start investigation。
Because as of now，I'm bit blind。
I need the timings of the failures for
today。
And you。You are this？
Usually I disrupt the users。
Users，yes，
send it that were in use for that
specific failure，OK？
Well，
you can share them and offline in this
channel。
And I will pick up some up。Yeah，yeah。
Sit down。
So we notice that till now there is no
customer impact and the no cases report
对。
now as of now。
Anyway，
it works to double Chuck if there is
something wrong with the service itself。
Okay。
嗯，
so if you will be able to provide this
information and offline，
I'm sure with me it will be much
appreciated，
so we'll have at least some infertile to
the next call，okay？
啊是。
So then we'll drop and，uh，
looking forward for physical。
说，谁这样？
Thank you。